hello guys this is your boy sharka 216
here we are today bringing to you the
Battle of the brothers here by Craven
versus shocker 360 challenged me to a
game he say he's 8 and no one of his
account I think it's letting snake or
something like that I don't know what it
is officially but uh he's coming back to
his dark raven account and actually
gonna make a run for it on that one as
well so here he is and again we're
throwing both pics right off of the bat
first drives throw picks back to back
it's playing a fight to defense it's
also mixing it up with other formations
as well but uh you know i'm playing 335
defense and he's playing 52 he's plays a
tight shot gun tight he isn't the same
concepts i am i do on often so it's
gonna be kind of hard but he mixes it up
differently ok he the concept of
universal but i can mix it up
differently with different plays they're
gonna help you of course get open in
zone man or bead man and so at the same
time here we are in mangoo both just
going hard at it right now 002 the
second quarter here i answered goodman
comes out all the way across the field
here for a nice to John I caught him in
his own there so he my player just got
open here for a touchdown like I said
I'm gonna adopt the field all day and
again he I keep calm me on this one
right here i think i was playing mexico
which i didn't send the blitz and you
know i just know that next time i'm
gonna send the blitz every single time
and it's not gonna get keeps gonna be
scoring as well as well so again right
here look at this wide open as well man
you don't press me that's gonna happen
or you don't man me up 20 titans gonna
get open right here for a nice judge on
all the way so we answered back quickly
14-7 that decides to do a little option
play here it's not working i'm saying
the heat from everywhere this one was up
from outside heat a jewish and we got it
again he comes with a run
you got a first down once again and uh
except i'm sending it from everywhere
got a nice quick pass again coming
windows like a bank should throw here
still got it the Virginia Tech is a
pretty decent team here he lost
possession turn over and down saying
look at this user catch down the middle
filled with Jones but do this all day
guys give me a time imma do this all day
here we go he got me too he's just
sending this a guy peters well with the
fight to defense see the real easy to
set up as well he showed me how to do it
probably teach you guys as well pretty
soon before um here we go but no not he
not guy i'm not gonna go out like that
you try me I'm ascended to my send it to
there we go he went for at that time I
got the pig and slicked up it's a battle
right now I'm up 77 I'm comfortable lead
but we're playing at virginia tech guys
we paint our genetic away so you know
probably gonna grab some momentum here
pretty soon again he's coming in sending
the heat oh man he got me got a nice
pump fake going on there too as well get
the fumble back over the moralizing his
team fourth quarter I'm in the lead 77
up by 10 points and pretty much up when
a school comfortable eat but he comes
back here he stopped me in a drive man I
just couldn't do anything i decided to
come out in something different there's
big mistake and right here almost got
the kick off all the way but I don't
know why what happened here had a brain
fart or something with three points came
out of bounds could have got more yards
not me and decided to kick a field goal
him down here on defense but look at
this you know he answers back
man I couldn't believe this he's in
Virginia Tech is getting that momentum
and his breast love this guy they're in
the hometown the Reza are the cousins of
the running of the running back or
quarterback gets a touchdown where the
bat he's winning out by one point trying
to make a comeback drive okay he's
trying to stop me second intent like I
said the riffs are the cousins of the
quarterback in the running back his
brother is resting the game so we're
going first at first in 10 look at this
before we go anywhere doing outstanding
31 moving the ball effectively like we
do all day we don't get it here for the
one come here with another quick pass
you just get it right here barely get it
off to the middle of the field second
and 10 were driving good man we're doing
really really awesome he stops me he
shuts me down it's playing man now he's
covering that route really good look at
this he adjusted well to that route
fourth and 10 I don't get it but look at
this clutch play coach play what that r
if there is you and he got hurt too man
he gave it all look at this gonna go
check it out in slow motion that that
ripped through the flagman that's the
guys cousin man that's a guy's cousin oh
my camp couldn't believe this man
i was driving the body
i gave it all even even got hurt to
catch that ball he got hurt man
diagramming got lucky in this game shut
me down anyways it was a good game 2120
you know we're not perfect but dark
raven came who came back losing came
back they make good game 2120 the rest
game of that game I'm gonna play Game
two this time can be in my house see
what happens I let you guys know till
later guys make sure you go get that
often so guys man just freaking on fire
right now until later guys it was
shocking 360 for my nostrils calm
you